prisma-books/todo.md, before:

todo
front end

## Api endpoints localhost:3000/books for all books and localhost:3000/books/:id for one book

## [] Books component Acceptance criteria

[x] Display books from db in a card grid layout with image pending
[x] Add padding to the bottom row of cards
[x] add the appropriate imgs to cards in the db we are using img url for now
[!x] fixed padding issue in rendered cards note: always inspect the dom styles to see what is actually being applied to the element and then fix the issue by applying manual styles if need be
[x] use array.slice(0,150) so the card sizes are uniform
[x] add ...see more and see ...less for description information if description is longer than 150 characters description.slice(0,150) + '...see more' else description is 150 characters or more show see less
[x] add a bacground color and pick secondary and tersiary colors for the cards
[] carve template into project
[] add a hover effect for the cards use the hover and togglr animations from template
[] add CRUD functionality for books
[] figure out flow for the app

[] add a search bar to filter books by title
[] add a search bar to filter books by author

## AUTH component Acceptance criteria FLOW

[] User logs in using jwt or google or other providers like kindle
[] verify usert is authenticated
[] User can logout
[] User can change password

## CRUD FLOW SKETCH user data should come from db default data should comne from good reads api and kindle api

[] user should be able to see book data by default
[] user can add books to wish list
[] when user begins to add books to wish list they are encouraged to log in
[] if user dosent log in their wish list will only be stored in the browser session and they7 wont be able to recall theior list unless they log in
[] user can remove books from wish list
[] user can add books to their reading list
[] user can remove books from reading list
[] user can add books to their currently reading list
[] user can remove books from currently reading list
[] user can add books to their finished reading list
[] user can remove books from finished reading list
[] user can add books to their books to read list

## colors

[x] add as background color color: 'rgb(148 163 184/var(--tw-text-opacity))' || decoded to use a png color gradient from a templatre that I plan to implement
[x] sky id the place holder secondary color

[] google how to add image from form and how to convert it to a byte array in the db for storage
[!]when rendering dynamic cards make sure to put the loop on the grid sizing of the cards like

<div class="col-sm-4" \*ngFor="let book of books">
[] search books by title or author
[] modal for adding books
[] render new books to grid in alphabetical order
[] as app grows display books by filter scifi should show sci fi etc...

## APIS

[] good reads
[] kindle/amazon api intergration add to wish list from app
back end
[x] add image to Books model
[x] add description field to books model
[] add authors firstName and lastName and description and image url to to books model
[] google how to add image from form and how to convert it to a byte array in the db for storage

Commit message:

added searchj input to books component

prisma-books/todo.md, after:

todo
front end

## Api endpoints localhost:3000/books for all books and localhost:3000/books/:id for one book

## [] Books component Acceptance criteria

[x] Display books from db in a card grid layout with image pending
[x] Add padding to the bottom row of cards
[x] add the appropriate imgs to cards in the db we are using img url for now
[!x] fixed padding issue in rendered cards note: always inspect the dom styles to see what is actually being applied to the element and then fix the issue by applying manual styles if need be
[x] use array.slice(0,150) so the card sizes are uniform
[x] add ...see more and see ...less for description information if description is longer than 150 characters description.slice(0,150) + '...see more' else description is 150 characters or more show see less
[x] add a bacground color and pick secondary and tersiary colors for the cards
[x] carve template into project
[x] add a hover effect for the cards use the hover and togglr animations from template
[] add CRUD functionality for books
[]CREATE
[]READ
[] add a search bar to filter books by title ... pending
[] add a search bar to filter books by author
[] add a search bar to filter books by genre

[] add a search bar to filter books by createdAt
[] add a search bar to filter books by updatedAt
[]UPDATE
[]DELETE

[] figure out flow for the app

[] add a search bar to filter books by title
[] add a search bar to filter books by author
[] add pagination for books
?[] add a sort by dropdown to sort books by title or author

## AUTH component Acceptance criteria FLOW

[] User logs in using jwt or google or other providers like kindle
[] verify usert is authenticated
[] User can logout
[] User can change password

## CRUD FLOW SKETCH user data should come from db default data should comne from good reads api and kindle api

[] user should be able to see book data by default
[] user can add books to wish list
[] when user begins to add books to wish list they are encouraged to log in
[] if user dosent log in their wish list will only be stored in the browser session and they7 wont be able to recall theior list unless they log in
[] user can remove books from wish list
[] user can add books to their reading list
[] user can remove books from reading list
[] user can add books to their currently reading list
[] user can remove books from currently reading list
[] user can add books to their finished reading list
[] user can remove books from finished reading list
[] user can add books to their books to read list

## colors

[x] add as background color color: 'rgb(148 163 184/var(--tw-text-opacity))' || decoded to use a png color gradient from a templatre that I plan to implement
[x] sky id the place holder secondary color

[] google how to add image from form and how to convert it to a byte array in the db for storage
[!]when rendering dynamic cards make sure to put the loop on the grid sizing of the cards like

<div class="col-sm-4" \*ngFor="let book of books">
[] search books by title or author
[] modal for adding books
[] render new books to grid in alphabetical order
[] as app grows display books by filter scifi should show sci fi etc...

## APIS

[] good reads
[] kindle/amazon api intergration add to wish list from app
back end
[x] add image to Books model
[x] add description field to books model
[] add authors firstName and lastName and description and image url to to books model
[] google how to add image from form and how to convert it to a byte array in the db for storage
